SECURITY.md, before:

# Security

Target takes the security of our software products and services seriously, which includes all source code repositories managed through [our GitHub organizations](https://opensource.target.com).

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any Target-owned repository that meets Target's definition of a security vulnerability, please report it to us as described below.

## Reporting Security Issues

**Please do not report security vulnerabilities through public GitHub issues.**

Instead, please report them to the Target Cyber Security team at _____.

If you prefer to submit without logging in, send an email to _____. If possible, encrypt your message with our PGP key; please download it from _____.

You should receive a response within 24 hours. If for some reason you do not, please follow up via email to ensure we received your original message. Additional information can be found at _____.

Please include the requested information listed below (as much as you can provide) to help us better understand the nature and scope of the possible issue:

-	Type of issue (e.g. buffer overflow, SQL injection, cross-site scripting, etc.)
-	Full paths of source file(s) related to the manifestation of the issue
-	The location of the affected source code (tag/branch/commit or direct URL)
-	Any special configuration required to reproduce the issue
-	Step-by-step instructions to reproduce the issue
-	Proof-of-concept or exploit code (if possible)
-	Impact of the issue, including how an attacker might exploit the issue

This information will help us triage your report more quickly.

## Preferred Languages

We prefer all communications to be in English.

## Policy

Target follows the principle of [Coordinated Vulnerability Disclosure]().

Commit message:

chore(SECURITY): address feedback from Don

SECURITY.md, after:

# Security

Target takes the security of our software products and services seriously, which includes all source code repositories managed through [our GitHub organizations](https://opensource.target.com).

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any Target-owned repository that meets Target's definition of a security vulnerability, please report it to us as described below.

## Reporting Security Issues

**Please do not report security vulnerabilities through public GitHub issues.**

Intead, please send an email to security@target.com. 

You should receive a response within 24 hours. If for some reason you do not, please follow up via email to ensure we received your original message. Additional information can be found published under Security/Advisories for each repository, if applicable.

Please include the requested information listed below (as much as you can provide) to help us better understand the nature and scope of the possible issue:

-	Type of issue (e.g. buffer overflow, SQL injection, cross-site scripting, etc.)
-	Full paths of source file(s) related to the manifestation of the issue
-	The location of the affected source code (tag/branch/commit or direct URL)
-	Any special configuration required to reproduce the issue
-	Step-by-step instructions to reproduce the issue
-	Proof-of-concept or exploit code (if possible)
-	Impact of the issue, including how an attacker might exploit the issue

This information will help us triage your report more quickly.

## Preferred Languages

We prefer all communications to be in English.

## Policy

Target follows the principle of [Coordinated Vulnerability Disclosure]().
